README.md, before:

# Frontend

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.1.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

modification of css in the details movie, and debugging the paginator

README.md, after:

# VideoSocial

- A project including a frontend part in Angular and a backend part in Java (spring boot)

- Application which allows you to create your video library (crud part) and share it with other members.

- Conversations around a film,

- Search movie with filters locally and on  themoviedb.org

- Add your own movie card if you can t find it locally or on  themoviedb.org

- Profile management

- Monitoring of backup of film additions in the database


## Technical side:
1. Creating an api in java
2. Connection to an external API for retrieving movie data on-the-fly media backup
3. Crud
4. Progress managment
5. Implementing PrimeNg for Angular
6. Security Implementation (token&RefreshToken)
7. FrontEnd and backend are dockerized.


## Online and functional
1. Search Movie With Filter on Api themoviedb.org
2. Blur Filter on Adult Content

#### (**project in progress**)
  
- display movie template (add casting,crew)
  
- search in local
  
- edit template

Link:[[1]FrontEnd][linkFrontEnd]
